Over the last 200 years,
while commerce and shipping
have been at the forefront of
industrial and technological efficiency,
one part of shipping has remained
inefficiently outdated -
the vessel brokerage.
Today, like two centuries ago,
a merchant looking to ship
cargo relies on a human broker
with a limited network of vessel owners
to find a suitable vessel.
The system would work
well if a broker could cover all,
or even most, of vessels suitable
for a requested route.
But with thirty thousand merchant vessels
roaming the globe,
that is an impossible task.
Ship.Link addresses this problem
by eliminating the human bottleneck
in vessel brokerage.
Vessel owners
no longer need to communicate position
lists with multiple brokers,
hoping to reach potential charterers.
Instead, they list their vessel positions
in one place, on Ship.Link, and gain global access to charterers.
Charterers,
in turn, no longer need to contact
or rely on numerous brokers
to find a suitable vessel.
Instead,
they use Ship.Link's advanced search engine
to identify vessels suitable
for their requirements.
Charterers then send an opening offer
to owners of matching vessels,
and negotiate terms directly
with the vessel owners on the platform.
If an agreement is reached
and the vessel subjects are lifted,
the governing charter party is generated
and signed digitally on Ship.Link.